docs: Document ingestion warnings and how timestampts are computed (#5006)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/manual/data-management.mdx

### An event was sent more than 23 hours in the future

This warning indicates a bug in your instrumentation, as we don't expect events to be sent from the future.
Read about [how we compute event timestamps](#how-event-timestamps-are-computed) and review your
instrumentation code (the `sent_at` or the `offset` values might be wrong).

These events have been ingested and stored, but will not show up in the UI. If these events
create new persons, these persons will have a "first seen" property in the future.

## How event timestamps are computed

If you are using one of our [libraries](/docs/integrate#libraries) event timestamps will be handled for you. However, users doing manual instrumentation, we provide you with several mechanisms to set event timestamps:

* If the payload contains `timestamp` and `sent_at` fields, the `sent_at` field is compared to the server time to account for clock skew. The event's `timestamp` is adjusted by this difference before being stored. This is the method our libraries use.
* If the payload includes a `timestamp` but no `sent_at` field, then `timestamp` will directly be used as the event timestamp.

> * If `offset` is included in the payload, then this value will be subtracted from the capture time recorded by the server to obtain the event timestamp. The first two alternatives have higher priority so `offset` will be ignored if `timestamp` is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `offset` is included in the payload, then this value is interpreted as milliseconds and will be subtracted from the capture time recorded by the server to obtain the event timestamp. The first two alternatives have higher priority so `offset` will be ignored if `timestamp` is present.
```

> * Finally, as a fallback when no `timestamp` or `offset` are included in the payload, the capture time recorded by the server is then taken as the event timestamp as a fallback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the payload contains `timestamp` and `sent_at` fields, the `sent_at` field is compared to the server time to account for clock skew. The event's `timestamp` is adjusted by this difference before being stored. This is the method our libraries use.
* If the payload includes a `timestamp` but no `sent_at` field, then `timestamp` will directly be used as the event timestamp.
* If `offset` is included in the payload, then this value will be subtracted from the capture time recorded by the server to obtain the event timestamp. The first two alternatives have higher priority so `offset` will be ignored if `timestamp` is present.
* Finally, as a fallback when no `timestamp` or `offset` are included in the payload, the capture time recorded by the server is used as the event timestamp.
```
